Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/uninstalling-kubeslice/deleting-the-project.mdx

## Prerequisites

:::caution

> off-board all the namespaces from the slice before deleting it. To know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offboard all the namespaces from the slice before deleting it. To know
```

> more, see [off-boarding namespaces](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/uninstalling-kubeslice/off-boarding-namespaces.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more, see [offboarding namespaces](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/uninstalling-kubeslice/offboarding-namespaces.mdx).
```
